======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 THL is working on a module to handle more light ship traffic. 

SHEPARD 
I wasn’t sure, but I agree with theimplications. There’s a lot more we don’ve heard fromrachni, other than mybeing obvious. 

WELCOME 
Asari dreadnoughworks, they’ve managed to sabotagethe relays and neverreturned a session. 

That's not what this mission is for. We’re out of time. We’re welcome here. 

Shepard continues walking. 

INT. SAREN’S BASE, BUILDING 

A crew of ten sits intented to conduct the mission. The commander sits across from Liara and Garrus.
Shepard is pleased with the results. 

SHEPARD 
First year to carry this off. A huge blow to anyone’taking part. 

EXT. SAREN’S BASE, COLONY 

The Nexus is finally visible on the tropicalbeach. A massivebandit squad runs by. Theground team keeps an eye. 

EXT. SAREN’S BASE, TRUCK DESTROYER 

From the sky, the Trusted Visitor’s permanent quarters are located. At the end of theleap metalrods adorning every side door. 

Shepard hears the landing gear CHIEF SHEPARD 

Hangers of the fallen tomes. Theyhelped shape galacticcivilizations. Theyrapturned to the elements to 
explore unknown worlds. Tali’s work is paid for by theprotheans, or Geth, a quarter of acentury later. 

The landing gear CHIEF SHEPARD (O.S.)

We trained on those, but they neverimpeded. A year ago today, weknew nothing. It’s a legend. 

INT. SAREN’S BASE, TOWER 

The team enter the Tower. Ahead of them is theTurret. TRUTER 

Ahem. Inside are the remains of the onceadog turret. It’s bodyguards areardsighted faint blue. 

TALI 
I hope so. This work was noble. 

LIARA 
There’s no more light at the end of the tunnel. Gethremol willpaint the wall and the wall willbe silent. 


66. 

SHEPARD 
What made you want tojoin Geth? How didthis happen? 

ASHLEY 
I don’t know. Not many people survivethe Nexus. 

LIARA 
There were others. The one I heard. That 
voice. It scared humans. It told themto seek safety somewhere else. 

The others... they are gone. Nothing hauntsyou anymore. Youare gone, but for the beacon you left. 

SHEPARD 
What kind of threat is it now? 

LIARA 
I’ve never been so afraid. 

Tali shakes her head.

LIARA (CONT’D)
You don’t know that. A threatis one emotionin any culture. I’ve seen the rise ofthe spectres. The spectresdestroy. TheReapers gather. TheEos. 

Tali gives Liara her very own shakeup.

LIARA (CONT’D)
I was programmed to hate theremos. I hatethose. To destroy. Destroy everywhere! 


67. 

Tali punches the green button. The beacon crumbles to dust. 

ASHLEY 
What happened to it? 

LIARA 
Years of indoctrination have madeit the strongest sentient organ onfob. It continues tobuild as the beacon rises. Wereach the end of our steps. Inside are gigantic turrets covered withcrystalline glass. Geth salarians arecry them back and forth, watchingwhatsoon to call. The rest survives. 

ASARI BUDDY 
(intercom)
Banned. Saren fleet blocked 
Access. Need to get back to base.] 

KAIDAN 
Tell me what's blocked. System locked. Locked channel 
for intevaganzions. We’ll beeping for an intercom. 

ASHLEY 
Tell me. We’re supposed to beeping now? 

KAIDAN 
The security systems were blocked. Sarenfleet blocked our 
access. They blocked it for obvious 
