======== SAMPLE 1 ========


And even when I looked at him it didn't even move my skin.

The only way for me to know about it is if he had actually been a human and a woman.

I don't know if the world had a chance to stop me, but it did get me going.

"I'll be with you, I guess." The voice is low, more like an ode to the time when I woke up, and I just need to walk away without looking back.

I feel something, but nothing gets out of control.

As soon as I walk away, I look behind me. Nothing.

It's like a beacon.

Oh, well, if this makes you want to take your hands off me, go ahead and do that, and I'll see you later.

But just in case.

~

I've been in a lot of dangerous places. I've stayed in front of people for months, and still haven't broken the law…

I've been here a few times this year, and I have no idea what it's like to fight for something like this. I've had to endure some serious mental and physical pain, and a lot of it, and yet not get out of it.

I've finally found some semblance of peace. It's only been two months, I'm actually starting better now, and I want to help others out. I still have a few other things to think about, but I'm just not ready for anything to go wrong.

I've been doing my best to make sure everyone is in the same state.

And though I can't help but feel like maybe I'm getting ahead.<|endoftext|>For years my dad has said he would rather put a price on the coffin than hold a vigil.

The day before I was born, the funeral director at the time was the mother of 5 children.

She had made it her mission to make sure there was one thing for her children when I was born. And that was it.

She told me she'd been "a mother for two years and a husband for 30", and that was it.

But the price to hold a vigil wasn't one her grandkids were paying.

In fact the $100,000 I now earn as a nurse in Boston is a few bucks more than most pay it on the side.

The price is so low she'd get fired for saying "it's my family business".

I'll never forgive my mom.

My dad was raised by his children and his dad and mom went to a local Catholic cemetery. At one point he was even paid by the family.

His wife was a teacher at a high school. She was a nun. They'd spent over a decade together.

I don't know. No one could remember how she came to say "I'm an actress for a while and my mom bought me a copy of The Death and Life of Henrietta."

She had died years before I came from school. A few months in, I had an appointment.

It was my last.

My dad was there. He and his wife made sure that no one was in the coffin. And they did. It was over for them.

It's just not fair.

The burial is just one of many rituals I've undertaken to make sure my mom's life is spared.

And it's done on my life-changing day.

I went outside to listen to the funeral director tell me of all the sacrifices she made.

In one of the scenes from "Replace Me," the nurse tells me, "A funeral is not the end of the world...the beginning of a new one. When I walk around, I want the community to see who I am and let me know who I am and what I do for them."

Some people would say I'm not like her.

She'd rather put a price on my coffin than hold a vigil.

And you know what - when you do hold a vigil at your next burial you must be a pro.

A pro is a human being who makes the most of the opportunities he or she has.

And when you say that it's her job to make sure no one has a penny of that money when she goes to the cemetery, that's not pro.

She's pro.

You're pro.

I'm Pro

I started working for the funeral director at the time when this happened. She was in charge of the funeral team on all sides!

She took my role, I got a call from the director at their first meeting.

I wasn't sure what to do! I'd just got fired. That's my legacy, and I wasn't getting the help I needed. The pay? Not as much.


